Create reusable documentation component (WIP) (#2)
kyma-incubator/documentation-component: packages/documentation-component/README.md

# Kyma Documentation Component (Kyma-DC)

## Overview

> It is a generic, reusable React component that supports rendering of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kyma Documentation Component (Kyma-DC) is a generic, reusable React component that allows you to render:
```

- Markdown
- OpenAPI
- AsyncAPI
- OData

It supports:

> - Plugins (hooking) in with custom functions that customize components rendering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Hooking custom functions that customize components rendering
```

- Passing custom styling

> - Custom rendering architecture 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Rendering of custom architecture 
```

## Development

> Please read about development process [here](../../README.md#installation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [this](../../README.md#installation) document to read about the development process.
```
